one owner car got here Nathan and we're
down in downtown San Diego at cut
hairdressing and let me give you a view
of San Diego here and that's just the
tip of it here goes up the hill here and
all and we're here to cut hairdressing
and they have graciously donated the
styling for this haircut for the shell
in fact I think that might be Michelle
right out there in front so San Diego
hairdressing donating
[Music]
the picture of the plane lost my glasses
and everything on that one we're gonna
go inside here and check it out one
owner car guy calm thanks for watching
and the whole top floors them really
nice place inside this end of your old
barbershop whole place here this is a
nice place and like I say to do outside
Boston to Ikea windows beautiful place
[Music]
definitely as Michelle over there
definitely a very high-class salon hope
I didn't go too fast for they're not
used to filming indoor things as much
here
so we're Rafael's gonna be doing the cut
and what's the name of your salon again
Raphael and their webpage and Michelle
thank you very much Michelle this is a
great donation from you and Michelle
even donated the $50 hair hunter bounty
we gave her right to our favorite
charity
so go I'm gonna put a link below this
here and you can go down and actually
donate to her charity also so do that
it's a good cuff she's actually walking
60 miles for her paws so make sure you
can at least get 5 10 20 bucks and you
ain't walk at 60 miles you ain't cut
your hair up do that here we go there's
the place and we're gonna get going
seconds here and we're gonna grab the
before she was flipping her hair around
here and I've seen it and it's beautiful
here someone's gonna get a great hair
piece for it from it and anybody can do
this just don't cut your hair for a
couple years and you can donate your
hair and help someone who is a great
cause
yeah it's good eight nine ten yeah
[Music]
Beauty babe
[Applause]
there we go it's that simple and we're
gonna bag it and tag it and and touch
the law here Raphael they're not just
hacking her hair off they're doing and
you want to donate your hair I'll pay an
extra 50 bucks and lots of places your
own salon will probably free also
but once again epsilon the CEO people
are awesome very and I have been offered
us water and coffee every five minutes
they're awesome people once again
beautiful salon if you're in the San
Diego area and looking through and we
got the man come back here thanks
Raphael is very nice that won't happen
again and you do all kinds of stuff what
is all the services
service but we do think from hair bridle
waxey
[Music]
cool once again cut salon CEO and for
the $50 bounty on the hair hunter things
one owner car guy calm or www serial
marshmellows calm or straight through
the Pantene Beautiful Lengths you just
don't get the $50 bounty thanks a lot
have a great day or night whatever it is
wherever you are
[Music]
[Applause]
and that's pretty much the end of it so
make sure to donate give me a call for
the $50 bounty four oh six five four
four six nine one nine and great salon
up here cut hairdressing they do
everything make sure and give them a
look up a pair of San Diego great prices
and just awesome service travel across
the deal with a got 13th silent